and milani galera
let's think it's good to hear a pb module
taking advantage of what I am now
back and I decided to bring him
I brought it on the hardest level that
honestly I do not have to talk
I like it, it 's mote, but it's okay.
absurd I decided to start this video
for a more agitated part for you
to see such a situation, it is clear that
varies champion level champion by level
are three levels the average easy type and
difficult this building where the bug catches
it's all sinister the map of being a miner
it's dark
the effects are all out of scale and the
boats are busting to destroy
go back to show a little to leave
You and comment what I think
That's probably on the day I
releasing this video will be very close
from it being sent to the server
so this is going to be very interesting
Let me see where I can start.
Look at this part Lenny's boat.
video I'm recording when I played
there are some charisma walking is sinister
play on the top along with osh salt one
american x all had this deal
working hard you will find
unlawful things in all that is
I 'll notify the staff there.
this map of life is done so much
thing must weigh a bit more your
computer
So when are you going to play that?
stay smart because I bug rolls loose
and I do not see the time of it here enough
b series because I want to play type and with
Your mission is a challenge and this is
his maximum level is very interesting
I got angry with the ute
love that is giant scale and I think
That's when you boot it's good for you.
I do not know how to train
I just know that the raid again succeeded
to send very well in something that
iof mode in my opinion are the
favorites of the 3rd
we take more like this in an alternative way
so let's say let's say these two
in my opinion they are the best because
That's it
beyond the fact of being dark and everything else
I think and your personal friend
imagine all the champions every
effects is the mixed zone that will be
that's right
however this video is a video
showing a match more there is a lot
something else that you can see
better when you have a server understand
but in summary it's really fucking interesting
This I wanted is showing beyond the
fact that the boxes are a steal
today it seems that the game looks like the game
he helps the boats on purpose and
fashion hype did well and beyond the fact that
It's with boat
another reason to have better
It's still a boat, it 's not people.
This business I stayed with a lot of
Anger because I know I
the ability that she is here just to
damn it
so getting away is not a very good option
At least in this match it was not
I liked a lot and I
I got it for you, but there's much more.
so I hope you liked the video
You liked it, I like it if you
not registered in the channel to sign up
always had you any suggestion tip
is welcome not forget to leave your
comment
keyword beauty gave because this
way will make a lot of people start
respect the boat
I took the sound of the game because it's so much
fifth thing effect is happening that
I thought it was going to mess up a little
so I chose to be recording this
video without sound beauty
well then I think I should show a lot
thing and hopefully it comes soon in the b
I'm going to play a lot and icon.
also for this beauty
good so that's worth there and spoke to
proof
[Music]